= Nasa

Nasa api for Ruby developers. This is not an offical project by Nasa

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

 gem 'nasa'

And then execute:

 $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

 $ gem install nasa

== Usage

You can go to Nasa's page with the {latest feeds}[http://data.nasa.gov] to view them.

=== Recent feeds

To get these recent feeds :-

 Nasa.get_latest_data

Pass in the number of feeds. If not then the method would fetch 10 by default.

=== Fetch a feed

Every feed has an *id* and if you know the id you are looking for, then :-

 Nasa.search_by_id( id_you_wish_for )

<em>There is no count here !</em>

But, if you don't know the id, then you can just search by its title name in hyphen and lowercased format at the same time.

For ex: 

 title = "Mars Map Catalog"
 slug  = title.downcase.split.join('-')

Now you know what *slug* is. Awesome, send in the slug to this method and it will fetch you the dataset you were looking for.

 Nasa.search_by_slug(your_slug)

=== Feeds belonging to a category

To fetch data belonging to a category to which an id is attached and you happen to know the id then pass the id to fetch that data :-

 Nasa.get_category_data_by_id(id)


To fetch the feeds belonging to a particular category, heres what you should do create a slug of that category name :-

 Nasa.get_category_data_by_slug(your_slug)


<em>In both the cases above, pass in the number of feeds. If not then the method would fetch 10 by default.</em>

=== Feeds belonging to a tag

To fetch feeds with a particular tag and if you know the id of the tag, then :-

 Nasa.get_tag_data_by_id(tag_id)

If you wish to fetch the feeds attached with a tag, then you can fetch those feeds by creating a slug of the tag name :-

 Nasa.get_tag_data_by_slug(your_slug)

<em>In both the cases above, pass in the number of feeds. If not then the method would fetch 10 by default.</em>

=== Active Categories

To get the active categories(not the feeds, just the categories) then :-

 Nasa.get_active_categories

=== Active Tags

 Nasa.get_active_tags


That's it. Its not a lot. Yet.


All the data you get would be in JSON format.
== Contributing

 1. Fork it
 2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
 3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
 4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
 5. Create new Pull Request

<b>Thank you !</b>